README.md, before:

# swb2_examples

Collection of working SWB version 2.0 example applications
----------------------------------------------------------

This repository contains three working examples for use with the SWB version 2.0 code. The first example demonstrates an application of the two-stage FAO-56 soil moisture retention method, and simulates the effects of irrigation on net infiltration amounts for the Central Sands, Wisconsin. The second application is a synthetic test case aimed at demonstrating how the flow-routing routine works. Finally, the third application highights several additions to the original SWB code to allow simulation of net infiltration for the island of Maui, Hawaii.

Each example directory contains all of the required daily weather data, geographic information system (GIS) inputs, lookup tables, and control files needed to run on a users' local system. In addition, each application directory contains a "jupyter" folder that contains a number of Jupyter notebooks (see http://jupyter.org/ for more information about Jupyter.) The Jupyter notebooks are designed to provide examples showing control file options, lookup table manipulation, and NetCDF file processing. 

Disclaimer
----------

The example applications within this repository were selected to demonstrate the features and use of the SWB version 2.0 code. These applications, along with the input, lookup, and parameter datasets do *not* represent official versions of any related USGS project work. Model parameters should always be chosen thoughtfully as applicable to local site conditions.

These data are in the public domain because they contain materials that originally came from the U.S. Geological Survey, an agency of the United States Department of Interior. For more information, see the official USGS copyright policy at [https://www.usgs.gov/visual-id/credit_usgs.html#copyright](https://www.usgs.gov/visual-id/credit_usgs.html#copyright)

These data are preliminary or provisional and are subject to revision. They are being provided to meet the need for timely best science. The data have not received final approval by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and are provided on the condition that neither the USGS nor the U.S. Government shall be held liable for any damages resulting from the authorized or unauthorized use of the data.

 [
   ![CC0](http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)
 ](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Commit message:

update executable versions; add 'run_swb.bat' files to document the command-line syntax used to run the examples

README.md, after:

# swb2_examples

Collection of working SWB version 2.0 example applications
----------------------------------------------------------

This repository contains three working examples for use with the SWB version 2.0 code. The first example demonstrates an application of the two-stage FAO-56 soil moisture retention method, and simulates the effects of irrigation on net infiltration amounts for the Central Sands, Wisconsin. The second application is a synthetic test case aimed at demonstrating how the flow-routing routine works. Finally, the third application highights several additions to the original SWB code to allow simulation of net infiltration for the island of Maui, Hawaii.

Each example directory contains all of the required daily weather data, geographic information system (GIS) inputs, lookup tables, and control files needed to run on a users' local system. In addition, each application directory contains a "jupyter" folder that contains a number of Jupyter notebooks (see http://jupyter.org/ for more information about Jupyter.) The Jupyter notebooks are designed to provide examples showing control file options, lookup table manipulation, and NetCDF file processing. 

> :warning: **These examples are known to work with the binary files included in this repo** They may not work with older versions of swb or swb2.

Disclaimer
----------

The example applications within this repository were selected to demonstrate the features and use of the SWB version 2.0 code. These applications, along with the input, lookup, and parameter datasets do *not* represent official versions of any related USGS project work. Model parameters should always be chosen thoughtfully as applicable to local site conditions.

These data are in the public domain because they contain materials that originally came from the U.S. Geological Survey, an agency of the United States Department of Interior. For more information, see the official USGS copyright policy at [https://www.usgs.gov/visual-id/credit_usgs.html#copyright](https://www.usgs.gov/visual-id/credit_usgs.html#copyright)

These data are preliminary or provisional and are subject to revision. They are being provided to meet the need for timely best science. The data have not received final approval by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and are provided on the condition that neither the USGS nor the U.S. Government shall be held liable for any damages resulting from the authorized or unauthorized use of the data.

 [
   ![CC0](http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)
 ](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
